Update Popover to use Floating UI instead of Popper.js (#1229)
ariakit/ariakit: .changeset/lucky-maps-judge.md

---
"ariakit": major
---

> The `shift` and `gutter` props on `usePopoverState` and derived hooks (such as `useMenuState`, `useTooltipState`, etc.) don't support string values anymore. Now only numbers are supported.

Author: ```suggestion
The `shift` and `gutter` props on `Popover` and derived components (such as `Menu`, `Hovercard`, `Tooltip`, etc.) don't support string values anymore. Now only numbers are supported. ([#1229](https://github.com/ariakit/ariakit/pull/1229))
```
